okay now I have my second puppy that we
rescued and this is a pure gray or blue
pitbull and she is put together pretty
well
we gave her her shot I thought she was
four weeks old when I got her but after
I got her actual birth date she was only
three weeks so now she is she is she'll
be six weeks on actually this week but I
gave her her shot on Friday only because
she's been off of her mother's milk or
colostrum for a longer period than I
thought so what we're gonna do today so
everybody had nice little head what
we're going to do today is give her worm
medicine and she's about ten pounds but
I'm gonna just kick it back a notch and
give her a dose for eight pounds and
that's point eight of stron GT which is
a horse medication a horse would be
warmer and is 0.8 the usual rule of
medication is one cc per ten pounds so
this is what we don't do and I give it
on the empty stomach because I wanted to
get all the little worms I don't want
the food to interfere with the
medication so here we go open up
squeeze push back swallow if you push it
all the way back to the back of the
mouth you don't have to tickle and do
all the other little silly stuff so now
she's got it this is what time is it
almost 11 o'clock now I can guarantee
you in about four hours we will have a
mess out there just like the other video
you can go to youtube and see my puppy
care part 1 that was the pitbull mix
husky and we got a lot of nasty worms
out of her too and if there's any typos
just kind of forgive me on that but okay
and we got some milk we'll go over the
diet to that I give the puppies once
they've been weaned from their from
their mouth on the side I mean from the
Dame I'm sorry it's been a while but
here I am back with this I'd said I'd
never go back to having all my time
spent with the puppies but they're fun
they're like little people huh did my
babies alright we will see you when we
get some results and that might be today
or tomorrow but I'm sure we'll get
something today they're probably working
on it right now the grocery things Jesus
sweet this is moon light blue she don't
have a nice little head it's starting to
peak anyway say hi hmm bark like he
barked downstairs she's got a wide
spread between our eyes which is a good
indicator of a nice head not too many
wrinkles but she'll be in a nice
proportion she got nice bones nice
markings I like that under there
nice markings nice paws time for another
nail cut to okay and she is going
outside today for the first time it's a
little damp but you just can't stay
paranoid of Harville you know it's the
animal kingdom only the strong survive
but at the same time you do your best to
keep the surroundings clean and free of
anything that would cause the puppies
harm because you are a responsible pet
owner and useful to take care of them
they trust that you will take care of
them and not put them in any immediate
danger get all of your solutions
especially antifreeze should be put away
because at this stage they are ankle
biters they are investigating they are
eating everything chewing everything
because they'll start teething in a
couple of weeks also so if you can get
biscuits and any other rawhide and if
they won't eat it you can always take a
little bacon fat and rub it on there
just to get them interested in and keep
them quiet if you use those gongs so
that real hard rubber take a hot dog and
stuff in the center and they will spend
all day trying to get it out next thing
you know it'll be nighttime time to go
to bed because they will be wore out
from trying to get that prize ok and
then the next subject on the agenda will
be training your basic sit stay come
heel and and I can make referrals for
protection training but your obedience
training especially when you have
pitbull these high power high profile
dogs they need to be trained not pulling
the owner down the street you know that
is that just really ticks me off I used
to walk three dogs and trust me I was
not being pulled down the street and I
do have some pictures too I'll put those
up we've gone into I've taken five dogs
into the pet store and without any
incident so they thought that was pretty
amazing but you as a pit bull owner have
to be alpha because
every person and every animal it's a
hierarchy chain of command we're always
looking for the person that's in charge
who's in charge here and if we don't
want the middleman and that's the same
way the dogs are so and if they can't
find one they'll make up their own rules
and you can't stick them in the back
yard and leave them alone and then if
you have children they need to be
socialized this is one of the dogs that
I found need to know what's going on
everywhere so you can't put him in the
backyard and think he understands what's
going on that's his territory and if you
have a baby it's 11 o'clock and and
after the baby stars walking this dog
has grown to be a year old
he's very territorial and you let that
baby go out and start walking it's the
same height it looks like another animal
invading his territory as far as he's
concerned because he was not grown up
with it with the dog so when your dog
attacks the babies they're just doing
what they instinctively have been
created to do and that's protect their
territory so hopefully that helps
somebody mm-hmm yeah yeah okay let's go
out and meet the other people you've got
your medication on and you might have to
have a bowel movement soon okay